Hello gang, from the Dynasty Typewriter at the Hayworth whatever the theater is called
down here, MacArthur Park, Los Angeles, Harmontown is now in session, Episode 301.
Oh shit, is my voice back? I just got loud for no reason. Let's bring out the Game Master
Extraordinaire, Spencer Crittenden everybody. He's all in brown, he's down to clown. What's
in that little lunchbox baby? What is this? Treasures. You got secret treasures in there?
What? You got secret treasures in there? Yeah, I got secret treasures. Can I know your secret?
No. We'll find out. Fantastic. I feel like I have to yell. Well, let's not. Let's stop. How
about this? Yeah, you and I can stop yelling and we can bring out the Mayor of Harmontown.
Who? Dan Harmon. Yo, I got a little baby backpack. I got a little baby backpack. I'm back and packing
where it's back at. A millennial backpack. A little tiny thing the size of a wallet hanging on my back.
What are you calling? A little baby tiny backpack. It proves I'm 19. I only got so much shit, so why
would I have a bigger backpack than it? I just have room for my ecstasy. And your phone. I got a
little tiny backpack. It's a Rick and Morty little tiny backpack. And I see like in proper
like, like millennial style, you kept the tags on it to prove that it's, you know. Well, I wanted to
keep it in kind of mint condition because I thought I'd give it away to an audience member tonight.
Are you saying that somebody here at the Dynasty Typeway is going to go home with a tiny wallet
outside a millennial backpack? You thought all you were going to get. There's an impressive, it's a
whole mosaic of Rick and Morty scenes and things. It was in my office on the pile of this merch every
day comes in. Here's the toothbrush, here's the watch, here's the thing. And there's a little tiny
backpack. I brought it home to Cody. She said, I'm a little old for a little tiny backpack. Why don't
you take it to the show and give it away to somebody. So I will. And you have worn it. I saw it. So you
can sell it. You'll be able to say it was worn by Dan Harmon. Okay, so what's going on? I mentioned,
we were just talking, you said you liked the Ant-Man and the Wasp. Yeah, the new Ant-Man movie.
Haven't seen it. Good for our friend Chris McKenna of the community, the beating heart of
community. I think he's heavily involved in that Ant-Man business. So it's good to hear that that's
good. I really like Deadpool 2. I think I mentioned that again. I thought Deadpool 2 was awesome. Why
do you like it? I don't know. Maybe it's a sad state of movies these days, but it's just when
you're shocked that something like lands. That's why I like all the Marvel movies. It's just like,
I like superheroes and this is a movie. Yeah. This didn't kick me in the face. Yeah. I mean,
overall, I won't be lying. I'm 45 years old. I think I'm allowed to say, I don't really care
about your Marvels. Sure. You're a spider. I get it. You climb walls. You're still climbing them.
There's been like nine actors playing. It's a kid. I know. I know you can climb walls. I don't
care anymore. I also don't know what I care about. I mean, don't go to me for what you should be
watching. My taste buds are dying. So is my soul. I sit in bed and I'm living either the best life
or the worst life. I listen to podcasts about people being murdered and I play Minecraft. I'm
slowly rotting away with a big smile on my face. So if I was 19, it'd probably be a great time
to care about the spider people. What's he doing on that wall? Walls are for stopping you from
walking. He's walking up it. Holy shit. What kind of guy is he? He's a spider guy. Okay. If you're
19, you're probably like, Jesus Christ, this is my diehard. Yeah, man. I don't know. I don't know
from kids. I don't know what you care about. It should be called spider guy, not spider man. He
was young. He was a kid. It should be called spider dude or spider. Spider dude is something. Now,
spider child I don't like. What's the movie with the little girl with the purple wig and she kicks
everybody's ass? Spider child. Huh? Spider child. Kick ass. Kick ass. Okay. Right. It's a movie about
a girl just kicking everybody's dick around the room for fucking two hours, right? I guess so,
yeah. I don't get out that much, but I promise you that the controversy over the e-scooters is
definitely manufactured. Thank you. I see it as nothing but a boon. I have never been troubled
by a person riding around on a scooter that they rented with an app. I've seen them. I've puzzled
at them and then someone's explained them to me and my only thought was this is fantastic. It'll
probably take me years to muster the courage to walk up to one and be like, so what do I do? It's
real fun. But like, have you read one? Oh, yeah. Up and down the shop. Me and Dan have a shop now.
You haven't been on one? No, I've been on one. It was a lot of fun. I think that people just like
being mad about stuff, right? They used to be mad about rock and roll and now they're mad about
scooters. I'm not familiar with the beef about the... Well, in Santa Monica, there's a lot of these
scooters. Dan, take it away. Well, I... Dan takes it away. I certainly don't want to blindly dismiss
if anybody has a legitimate grievance. I just, I sort of like, come on. There's a, you know,
tech is being used laterally and experimentally as it should be. Somebody, like, you know,
it's funny how culture progresses and things. I think it's the impressiveness of it way outweighs
any possible inconvenience. Right. Like, the potential solutions, you know, they just have
these scooters. They just like, you just throw them out in the street. You just throw them. Like,
there's no, they don't have stations. There's no, it's sort of like GPS technology and these
things that we associate with, like, bridling us and, oh, we're all in a Orwellian society. It's
like, well, yeah, but it also means you could just take this fucking lump of metal and just go
out in the sidewalk and just rolls and lands. And if you find one... Yeah, I walked out of my place.
There was one in the bush in front of my place. I'm like, is this, is this somebody that wants
this back? Like, did somebody drop this off to go take a pee and wants this back or can I just
steal his scooter? I don't know what that was. If it's in the bush, I think he's hiding it so
you can't find it so he can get it. It was inside the bush. It was just resting. It was nestling.
Yeah, somebody visited your neighbor and they left it there. Like, like we did with dirt bikes in
83. That's like, you know, you ride your dirt bike and then you fucking ditch it, you run in and
play Atari. Yeah, but somebody stole my red line dirt bike and I was fucking pissed off. Well,
yeah, because it was your dirt bike to steal. And now imagine a world where, okay, who needs to own
this piece of shit? I'm just taking it to my friend's house to play Atari. But let's say I go to
your place on one of these e-scooters, right? I'm not walking or driving to Dan's place. I'm gonna
take one of these. Use a scooter. I found a scooter in a bush. I live, I live in Chelsea. He lives
in Upper West Side. Yeah. That tracks. It's a bit of a ride. I'm gonna play some Atari. We just
take the A train. Okay. But anyway, but let's say I go, oh, I found a scooter in a bush. What's it
say? The first ride is only a dollar. I figure out how to make it work. There's a QR code. Yeah,
you scan it. And now I'm on a thing and now it's going and I'm in a suit and I look like a vampire
in a scooter. And I get to your place and then I drop it off, just leave it. Just leave it. And
then I come out and go, where's my scooter? Well, now you don't have a ride home. But yeah, I mean,
it's not guaranteed because someone could come by and find it. Just fucking scoop up my scooter. I
think you can also locate them with your, you can go like, where's the nearest one? You can go find
it. Yeah, you can keep. Can I stash it? Like, can I put it in your garage? Well, you can take it
into the house. Yeah. Or you can just stay renting it. Then someone goes, where's my nearest
scooter? And they go, oh, Dan Harmon's house. Oh, is that true? That's what I'm confused. You stay
renting it like, okay, so if you went to the 7-Eleven, Jeff, you just, you don't unrent it. And then
that means if someone comes up to try and get it, they can't because it's already in use by you. So
that that bush scooter might have already been. Oh, you're paying for the time. Yeah, yeah, you
pay for it in time. Yeah, but then you get paid to charge it. So if you take a scooter home and
charge it, you get like 10 bucks for that. This is French. It's awesome. Here's the problem. It was
rolled out in Santa Monica, which just has garbage traffic and especially garbage bike traffic, which
doesn't integrate well with street traffic. It's already hard for bikes. That's the, I get that. Right.
It's already hard enough for bicyclists. But that's the thing is, so all the problems that apply to
bicyclists are now applying to scooters, but since they're easier to use and you don't have to go
out and be a weird biker to drive a bike, don't get me wrong. If you like a bike, that's good. But
anyone can do it. So we're having more of a traffic problem because all this bike, you know,
what is essentially bike traffic is now being forced to contend with road traffic. And that's a
problem because the roads weren't built for bikes. But that's a problem for bikes and not scooters.
It's just a problem. It's like, it's bad etiquette on a bicycle to be on the sidewalk. I hate when
bikers are on the sidewalk. But now scooters are all over the goddamn sidewalk and I'm gonna get killed
by a family of scooter people. Right. But you would have got killed by a bike two weeks ago. So
you're just fearing rock and roll. I just want to add this as a as a former LA bicyclist. I just
want to add I'd rather have people hate me for being on the sidewalk than fucking die. Right.
Because like, it's not a bicycle friendly city. Anyways, blah, blah, blah. A lot of bicyclists get
killed in the road by by drivers and stuff. Like that's a huge issue in LA. Right. And they have
the right of way. And yet they're getting like probably hurt as if they were motorcyclists who
know what they're signing up for. Sorry if you're out there and you got injured in a motorcycle
accident. I'm just being glib. But I mean, bicycles can't split lanes and stuff. You're just riding
on the side of the road. Look, I get I get frustrated by a bicyclist in front of me too. But
then I go like, come on, Dan, we live near each other. Spencer, if you're down with us, we can
do it together. I'd love to. Let's let's find take one of these scooters. Let's find some me
scooters and fucking just like take it to the streets like fuck it. Well, I do want to break
that. Yeah, and go like, let's learn to do this. Like, you know, so that because it's like, I
yeah, I want to know how to do it. It's great. How do you know if the battery is going to die
on it? It'll tell you when you scan or looking for them. It's great. Spencer, you got all the
answers today, man. I'm sorry. Well, that's what we want to be. What's that fucking treasure basket
you've got? Not all the answers. All right, so I was eating dinner with my friend and we were
talking about our dads and like, like sayings and things. It was actually Heath who you remember
from the dad fish episode. We were having dinner and we're just so the topic of dads had come
up again and like he's he he attributed the saying to his dad, which I have heard before.
And I wrote it down because it's like, I really have always had a problem with the saying that
his dad would say, you know, like if you if you would go like, well, I wish I wish we could have
gone to the zoo today. And then like his dad would say, well, wish in one hand and shit in the other
and see which one fills up faster. That's the fucking most awful thing I've ever heard. It just
doesn't it doesn't scan for me. It doesn't you don't wish into anything. I like like it almost
makes its own counter argument because it's sort of like like your one hairs breath away from saying
fill one hand with wishes and fill the other hand with shit and see which is more valuable.
Like a handful of shit. We'll see. A handful of wishes is like the ratio of value to
amount of you have to wash it. It's like amazing. You could wish for a toilet. You could wish for
like it just seems like it's more practical to fill your one hand with shit. But that's not
sustainable. Your hand fills right up. If you're wishing into your hand, you'll be fucking doing
it for weeks. I got two handful of wishes right now. And you can still use them to do stuff. Yeah,
I wish Spencer would tell me what's on that fucking lunchbox on his desk. I got a bunch of
pocket operators in it. Look. Oh, whoa. Yeah. Wow. There you go. Pocket operators. They make music.
I don't even know what that is. It's good. They're like little synthesizers that the kids are doing.
All the kids, they love them. There's a book called What Makes Sammy Run by Bud Shilberg.
Like kind of the antagonist in it is Sammy Glick. And he says it's like about the Hollywood system
back in the like 30s, 40s, 50s. I don't know. It's been a while. And 60s. Yeah. No, it's poor that.
And he says your friend doesn't want to write that like punch up your script for $50. And he goes,
you tell someone so if he doesn't like $50, he can shit in his hat, pull it over his head and call
it curls. That's the best thing. I think a lot of people get away with invoking shit. And these
like quick statements are like counting on you to not think twice about it. My dad used to say,
if I wanted any shit out of you, I'll squeeze your head. Wait, what? Yeah. But then he would often add
and it'll come out of your ears. Because I think he thought that wait, this kid's four years old.
He doesn't even understand what I'm saying. But he understands child abuse. Well, I was just saying
like, if I want shit out of you, I'll squeeze your head. And then I think you'd see a blank
stare and be like, it'll come out of your ears. Because your head's full of shit.
That's the most softened the blow of that statement. Well, it just it helps the jokeland,
I guess. I don't know if that's your goal. What's the first part? If I need shit out of you,
if I want any shit out of you, I'll squeeze your head. Well, you know there's an easier way to do it.
Squeeze the butt. Well, yeah. Yeah. You can't. You can't. You can't. You first feed them,
give them a hot meal. Right, yeah. Yeah, provide for them. Yes. And just actually,
just wait, you don't even have to squeeze them. That's what I'm saying. If I went, Dan, if I
want any shit out of you, I'm going to take you to Arby's. If I want any shit out of you, I'll
keep going to work from nine to five and accepting the accountability that comes with reproduction
and providing you with a... I will wait six to eight hours after I fed you. And I'll put a special
trap into the toilet because apparently I'm in this for shit. Not wishes. You should put a wish
trap under your butt. A little wish trap. What if you can shit wishes? The whole value of wishes
is that they have zero rest mass. That means they can move at the speed of light. You can wish
a thousand times. It won't cost you anything. Wish, wish, wish, wish, wish, wish. I didn't
suffer anything. That's the whole point. Fucking wish away, motherfuckers. You can't flush a wish.
You don't have to poop. It costs you nothing to wish. You know what it profits you every once
in a while? You come up with a fucking e-scooter business. I wish I was a fucking millionaire.
That's the whole idea. I wish, wish, wish, wish, wish, wish. Fucking wish away. Don't
shit in your hand. Someone wished a toilet existed. That guy was smart. Or lady.
Madam crapper. I wish I didn't just shit in my hand. I just wish shit in one hand or wish in
one hand shit in the other and see which one fills up faster. All right, Dad, I went away and did
what you said and I have a handful of shit. See? I still don't get your point, man. I just said
I wish you were a better dad. You could fill up. Like I still don't understand your point. I just
have shit in my hand. Like that's like just reinforced. I feel like I already had that in
the form of your fatherhood. You should have called his bluff and go, all right, give me,
give me 20 minutes. And then come back out with a handful of shit and another hand go,
the wishes filled up faster. I mean, how do you know? Like what is a wish way? What is its mass?
I don't have like wishes are the only part of humanity. That's our redeeming quality to be
able to wish. Penguins can't wish. We're going to fuck them. Talk to penguins in 50 years.
You won't be able to. You know why? They couldn't wish. We could. What did we wish for?
Greenhouse effect. Indirectly. We didn't really want that. We wished for cars.
Penguins just wished for tuna, I think, I assume. I don't know. Or salmon.
Penguins should have wished for droppings. What did penguins eat? Penguins should have wished
for hams, but they can't hold anything. They can't even hold their own shit.
You try to hold shit in a penguin flipper? It's going to fall right off.
I don't want to throw penguins under the bus at a time when they're probably under a lot of
fire from the climate. They should have wished for the retention of flight.
Like, what makes a bird of all creatures think maybe we should get back into the ocean?
Yeah, they should have wished that they didn't have to carry their child's egg on their feet for
four months while their spouse was on the fish tank. I'm a little iffy even on the mammals that
go back. All due respect to my boys, the dolphins. Like, props. West side. Like, we get it. Like,
fucking, maybe shit was going ham up here. Like, you were like a dog creature. You know, maybe I
could have flippers that go back. Is this your influence of hanging out with Dave Kline that
you have all this new? I guess I'm kind of going off of his, like, maybe I'm learning to, like,
be encouraged by him. Maybe if he's happy, I'm happy. So maybe that's what's happening. But no,
it's like, like, whales were probably these brontosaurus, isn't there? Like, this is fucking
bullshit. Like, I'm on your side as a brontosaurus creature, like a Loch Ness monster. Like, that's
what a whale would have looked like before it went back. It was, like, experimenting with, like,
well, I've been told that if I start breathing oxygen, I can eat leaves and hang out. And then
it's like, and then something comes up, disembowels. I was like, fuck this. And it goes back. I'm,
like, on that guy's side. That's, I'm, like, good, good for you. You know, do you know what a Dave Kline whale says?
Well, let's bring out Rob Schrab. Well, something exotic is about to happen. I can't even see.
Wow, you know what? Dan's leaving the stage as Rob takes the stage after taking of Dan's popcorn.
Rob, test the new chair. It doesn't look more comfortable. What do you think? Is it comfortable?
It's kind of like a high chair. Yeah. Is that what we're, is that the angle we're going for?
People are trying to make you happy, Rob. We're trying to make you, we're trying to make you more
comfortable. Cushions! I got a cushion. Do you want mine? I knew it. I knew it. I still can't see,
but I know what's happening. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. There's a new chair.
This chair does look comfortable. This has been Harmontown Musical Chairs.
Thanks, Dave. I win! I win!
Rob, what are your thoughts on Senator McCain dying?
Here's the thing. Podcast dynamite. Here's the thing. Give me my popcorn. No, no.
All right, you can have it a little. Give us thoughts on John McCain dying.
I think it's sad when anything dies, you know, I mean, but I, you know, I didn't share his
belief system, but he seemed like he was trying to do some good stuff. He fought for our country. He
got his POW, you know, I mean, like, he did some, he tried to do some good stuff.
Spencer, what do you think about Rob's thoughts on John McCain dying? I think they were too safe.
I don't think he took a real stand. I'm kind of like, like, like what a rivet would have as a
thought, like a frog or a rivets are a valuable part of society. Let me ask you one question.
Do you usually go to frogs for like political commentary? No, you don't. So don't go to me
for political commentary either. Go for me for chair criticisms. Try. What do you think about
the genocide going on in Myanmar right now? I'm against it. Next question. I can't.
Too safe. Because the people committing it are just trying to keep genocide from happening.
I think popcorn's bad for the show. You guys, I think it's, I think it's good. Good for the tummy.
Nobody wants to hear people eat during a thing. They'll live. Like, when I, like,
they can watch. There's a commercial and there's people eating, like a Carl's Jr. commercial.
People, the sound of people eating was going to fucking barf. I was hungry. I don't know how
much Carl's Jr. ads amplify the sound of eating. I don't, I don't know that that's true. I think
that if anyone knows how unattractive the sound of eating is, it's the companies trying to sell
that. Is there anybody in the audience, preferably of the, of the, of the persuasion, but I'm not
going to. Hey, that was great, man. Now go on. Hey, if you're serving the audience, let me hear you
say, yeah. Yeah. Is there anybody in the audience that is the, is the, that, that identifies as
the kind of person that would like to wear a tiny backpack who also wait, wait for it. Sorry.
Sorry. Who also would give us honest feedback from their perspective on what they expect from
the show moving forward. Okay. All right. You're, you're committed. Okay. Come on up. All right.
All right. From the second row. Hello. Your name is Nova.
Nova galaxy across the milky way. Your backpack is here for you.
Here you go. Nova plastic on the hand.
Make sure you cut off the tags. Major Tom. Well, your name is Nova.
Nova. Yeah. Hello, Nova. Welcome supernova to the show.
Making over your backpack.
Nova. Hey, hey, Nova. Nova was in Planet of the Apes, the original Planet of the Apes.
I know. Yeah. Is that a blood? Hey, hey, hey. One more thing. Nova was a television show. Yep.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. That's all I got. A car. What? A car, a star. Yeah. You're probably
an expert on this. What else are you named? You know what would be better is what, what am I named
after? Don't answer that. Don't answer that. Don't answer that. Don't answer that. Don't answer that.
Okay. Moving on to you. Thievery. Nova, what do you think qualifies you to wear the coveted
tiny Rick and Morty backpack? I don't know. I'm a pretty huge super fan of Harmontown.
I've been to like almost every show at this theater. And I love Rick and Morty very much.
I resent this line of questioning. Yeah. She doesn't have to prove nothing.
Yeah. I mean, it's a, it's a consumer product. You just have to want the backpack. You don't
have to earn the backpack. Well, okay. I have a follow-up question. What do you,
what do you think is going to go into that backpack first? What's, what's,
what are you going to carry around in your smart little tote bag? All right, I'll move it.
Phone wallet? Phone and wallet. That's fair. Yeah. Is that one thing? Like a hyphen? No, I don't have
the little thing with that part of it. I just, I don't, I, I'm so sorry about my friend. That's
totally cool. Hey, what are you doing for Labor Day weekend, Nova? Labor Day weekend
going to be showing off that backpack. Got any tattoos? Yeah. Go get, get some tattoos on the
backpack on Labor Day weekend. You want to go get a tattoo on Labor Day weekend with me and Rob?
I'm going to go see the Meg on Labor Day weekend. Yeah. Some empty seats for the Meg.
I try to bring a young person up and, and, and, and. I'm trying to relate the Meg.
It's just traumatizing them. They're going to be like, I don't even know what happened. It was
like Thanksgiving at my uncle's. It's much better. Okay. As long as you're having a good time. Yeah.
But also, and, and then also if the audience is having a good time, but then also on top of that,
I should have a good time. Yeah, it's your show. We'll stop being such a fucking stick in the
deck and get in the game, man. I'm not a stick in the deck. I'm not a stick in the deck. Take that
back. Take it back. Your arms are folded. Yeah. Well, you know what? This is an allowable posture
for somebody. You got some snot dripping off your mustache. It's vodka. This isn't your show.
Are you kissing? Did you just? Someone's acting like a real stick in the deck over there. Nova.
Nova. I don't want to put you in between this. Nova. But choose between me and Rob.
Nova, you must use the power crystals. Your backpack is on the line.
Nova, you must use the power crystals or you won't be able to open the galaxy door.
Nova, believe in yourself. Nova, please. Nova, give me a name, Nova. What's my name, Rob?
I just want to die sometimes. Is that why you listen to the show? Because you sometimes just
want to die and you're like, Dean knows what it's like. Like he gets sad. Yeah. Okay, good. That's
what I thought. And so he kind of ruins it sometimes, right? No. Okay. That was my job.
I don't like when he makes you legitimately upset. No, but he's not upset. Get a little
frustrated. Look at his arms. Look at his posture. I get concerned about shape of show. I get
concerned about $10. I get concerned about you driving from Silver Lake, wherever you're coming
from. Santa Clarita. Santa Clarita. I mean, that's a long drive. And then you choke up with some
money. Santa Clarita diet. Do you ever watch that? I want you to have a good time. I always
have a good time. So yes. I love you and I love Schrab. Okay. Nova, what do you do for a living,
if I may ask? Nothing currently. I'm unemployed. I've never been applauded for that. You can
charge e-scooters. You can go grab them. You can take them and charge them. Yeah, I mean, I see
people doing that. It's crazy. I thought they were self-mowed powered. They are self-mowed powered.
They need to be charged. And then there's like cultures of kids, like they roll in
scooter charging gangs. Yeah, they do. Or with each other. That sounds fun. Hey, man. That scooter is
the property of sticky. That's on my turn. I don't know this sticky, but I know this scooter belongs
to the Jet Boys. Get them. And they have scooter fights, but all the scooters are out of battery.
You're never alone. They inch forward on scooters going and then try to like steer it with one
hand. They're all wobbling. It's hard to do Jerome Robin's choreography when you're on a scooter.
What? Here's my concern, Nova. Can I ask you, is podcast culture, do you listen to podcasts
when you're like going to sleep at night, like you make a part of your life? I listen to podcasts
just throughout like my whole day, because I feel too, I don't know, kind of like lonely or sad with
like nothing on. Yeah. So yeah. So I listen to Harmontown or Game Grumps, which is technically
not a podcast, but there's no like face cam. So it's like a podcast. But yeah, I don't listen to
a wide variety of things. So like my concern as an old timer is I'm thinking about you,
kids. I'm like, oh, if I was Nova and I was going to sleep when I was listening to Harmontown,
can I rely on this show to like have like a consistency and a like sort of like, oh,
I'm coming home to Harmontown. But it's like, like I just that's that's when I express anxiety is
that's what I'm worried about. I definitely have like a coming home to Harmontown of like,
I don't know, there's so much diversity in like 300 episodes, you know, at least four white people
up here. Four white men. The hallmark of Harmontown is our rich diversity. I don't know how diversified
this show is. It's not my fault. Yeah, we've had in 301 episodes, we've had four women on stage.
Anyways, continue Nova. Dan Harmon.wn's not good for sleep. I don't know. It's like the
sorry about the live show thing. And then the diversity of like, there might be a guest and
that's like their voices different or whatever. But how does that slot? Well, like, like, like,
is there a certain time of day or a certain activity that the podcast works especially
best for? It's best for Sims, just like making houses in Sims. Sims 4? Sims 4? Yeah. So like,
like that would be because I've listened to it while I played Minecraft and it does kind of work.
I feel like when you talk about Minecraft, I'm like, yeah, that's how I feel about Sims.
Should we get Sims as a sponsor and have Nova do an ad for us right now?
You can try it. Nova, do a little ad read and we're gonna, we're gonna,
we're gonna spec add. Hey, so Sims, very broken, very fun. Yeah, you get to live as little people,
but they don't do anything interesting. They just kind of go around the house. You make yourself
food and stuff. You can have little careers. I just like making houses because it's fun.
Do you like green diamonds floating above heads? Do you like trapping people and swimming pools?
Do you like watching your Sims go to the bathroom for a weirdly long time?
Do you like making your Sims pee on the floor and mop it up while crying?
No, I don't like doing bad things to my Sims. It makes me feel sad. I get to attach to them.
I'm like, they're people. I just like making houses mostly playing is not my favorite.
Okay, I don't know if that was a good Sims ad, but I think it was. I don't think so.
I started Sims and I played it for a while and then you come back home and it just flies
everywhere and everyone's bummed out. I'm like, this is, I don't know why everyone who plays
Sims seems to be so bad at it. It's pretty easy for me. You have to be dedicated to it.
Yeah, you can't just leave it on and the Sims do weird things and you're like, no,
you have to go to work and you're all invested. You're like, no, you're gonna be late for work.
I do get that Tomagachi anxiety. The idea of a game that if I leave it,
I fuck up by doing nothing. I'm like, that's what I'm trying to get away from in life.
Are there any other events where you get Tomagachi anxiety? If you're waiting in line at the bank,
do you get a Tomagachi anxiety? Or if traffic is like a parking lot on the coral
vibe, we've all been there. Just imagine anyone listening to this show. Tomagachi
anxiety. Or your mom is talking to you. You get a word and edgewise. That's when I get the
Tomagachi anxiety. You still like us both? Yeah. Okay. All right. Well, I don't get it.
I just, I feel like Schrab's Schrab's level of chaos has leveled up because of his new chair.
He's feeling very relaxed. It's a big top, isn't it? Like, I've never been happier. It's like,
does anyone, does anyone perceive the real story here, which is me throwing buckets of
enabling on him, trying to make him happy? Like, like, like, should I dig a pit of spikes and have
him fall into it? And like, all I do is that the chairs have been getting more cushioned. I keep
appeasing him more and more. I flew him to Boston. Like, no one's telling this story.
You're telling the story on the show. I know when it's uncharismatic for me to tell it. Someone
else has to tell it. Anyways, he's a monster. I don't know if anyone else can understand the
complexities between you guys' 20-year relationship. Dan flew Rob out to Boston. Thanks.
Was there more to this story? Aren't you guys going to buy weed together? I heard.
Yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna, I, I, okay, so here's the deal. Two weeks ago, Rob approached me.
And I go, hey, Spencer, can you teach me how to vape? And Spencer said,
go on, go on. What's my line? Yes. Oh, yeah, yeah. Okay. And now he, we're gonna do it on Wednesday.
You guys are gonna go buy, go to a dispensary? Yeah, I told Schrab I would show him the ropes.
Just wait a minute. A dispensary. Yeah, yeah, it sounds the same. Oh, yeah. Let me, let's run through
some names that sound like Spencer. Suspender. No, we've done this before. Suspense. Suspension.
Dispense. Dispenser. That's about all of them. But no, I told Schrab we'd take him to the store
next time I was going, but I haven't been smoking weed, so it like, it took a lot longer. So next
time you see me, I'm gonna be like, oh, peace and love, man. Man, you guys gotta, you guys gotta
just relax. Peace and love, man. Why, why, why are you doing all the war, man? I'm talking about
peace and love, man. We need to get down, just smoke some God. You got Maui, Maui, and leave this
shit, man. So you, so you, Spencer, you know a dispensary that turns Rob into a black
exploitation character? Man, you need to get down with the glass, man. I'm gonna smoke some
vape. I'm gonna smoke all the vape. Nova, do you, do you vape it up? Do you, are you a vaporizer?
No, no, I've never done weed or cigarettes or anything. I'm not against it. I just haven't done
it. Yeah. If you feel different, you drive different. What? You know what I'm saying?
You what different? You drive different, man. I would assume so. I gotta, I gotta go to this
dispensary. Yeah, man. Fucking blow in my mind. I'd probably like it. Did they, did they, did they
sell vape shirts and vape posters? They sell vape hats and vape socks. Fucking A, man. Vape socks,
vape socks. What's a vape sock? It's a sock for your vape. All right. I'm gonna take some, I'm
gonna take four vape socks, a couple hats. I'll take a vape. Now give me three. It's worse
when you're up here. Yeah, it's worse when you're on stage. It's a lot of show. The show? Yeah.
No, no, no. I'm gonna take, I'll take three vape. Take one of these. Oh my god. Thank you. I'm so
glad I did. This is why you're here. Finally. Like, and now I have to bring every single person up one
at a time and go like, see? Like, but I mean, so where your parents are, are they, are they
astronomers, public television supporters? They're kind of hippies. They like science. They likes
the show, I guess. They like the stars kind of thing. Carl Sagan kind of thing. No, they wanted
something unique, but not like weird. And yeah, they like science. And they're kind of, yeah, I
don't know. Are you a scientific person too? I don't know. I like psychology and sociology and
stuff, not so much like the physical sciences. I can't wrap my head around it like I don't care
why, why a rock was formed. I don't know. They should have named you science. Seems important.
They should have named you mouth foods. What, what interests you about psychology and
sociology? Like, which expound on those fascinations. Like, okay. Yeah, the kind of stuff that fascinates
you. I don't even know. But, um, well, I'll just go with the psychology, sociology thing. I really
like, I really like trying to figure out how people work. I don't know. I have, I have Asperger's,
so I'm always trying to like, yeah, yeah. I know I feel the same way. I feel like I really need to
understand people. Why do people are doing what they're doing? Yeah, because I just don't get it.
What are they thinking? I don't understand. I don't know why I'm doing what I'm doing. I don't
know what people, I like trying to figure out the things. It'd be comforting to think there was maybe
a couple rules. Yeah. I would be very nice to know why people do some of the things they do,
not even because I'm upset about it, just because it's like, why, why, why, why am I doing what I
do? So do you think, like, do you see yourself in this? Look, this is a question grown-ups ask kids
that gets frustrating. So your answer, you can plead the fifth. But like, do you see yourself
in any kind of vocation in particular? Is there a fantasy job? The only thing that I've really
always been, there's, there's, like, everything that I see, I'm like, I want to do that. I want
to do that. I want to do that. But the thing that I've always been like, yes, that absolutely
sounds amazing, is I've always liked acting, like always, like theater acting, not like I want to be
a star or whatever, but I don't know. I just, yeah, I like being in plays and stuff. Just showing up
and doing the job. Yeah, exactly. There's not like take-home work. I mean, there is, but not like,
during the show's run at least. But did you do theater, like high school, college? Yeah, I always
did. Like, the second that I was old enough to be in the school play and elementary school, because
you weren't allowed to do it. What play? In fourth grade. Peter Pan. Who'd you play? Gentlemen
Starkey. Uh, he's not like famous. He's like, there's like Captain Hook, Smee, then Starkey,
and he was really like, unhappy. Oh yeah, no, he's, or no, that's, that's neat. Sorry, I was thinking
it was neat. That role is the anchor of the third act. Actually, he's a plot point. Do you remember
any of his lines? No. No, I just remember him being like, I gotta take my gun out and then Smee
being like, dude, for real. No, they're children. Like, stop. I don't know. It was really fun. I like
him feelings a lot. Don't you wonder, like, if acting was a job that, if all jobs kind of,
if there was some fantasy society where everything paid kind of in accordance with some sort of
shared value system, like, because acting has this like built-in thing where it's like, well,
maybe one day you'll be Batman. And because one day you'll be Batman, and then you'll buy a million
houses, like- You suffer now by being a little cat through commercials or whatever.
And so if you tell your mom, she's just like, well, what are you doing? Well, I'm acting. And
she's like, well, I hope you get a break. And she means like, maybe one day you'll be Batman.
But it's like, well, that's not necessarily a result of me acting well. And I'm kind of actually
curious, like, people who like, like, like, if we really got to choose and we could make a living
wage, and you could like do backbreaking acting work in a theater, and it had nothing, it wasn't
attached to this idea of my goal is to be Susan Sarandon. And the, and it was just like, actually,
I would like to do this for my life if you, as a society, could provide me with a guarantee that
I can do it for 30 years. Like, like, that we could like come into Black Box Theater and go like,
hello, I'm Aunt Susan. And people would be like, yay. Yeah, I think you can like, I mean, do you think
that everyone would be like, I want that job, that's a privileged job? Because I don't think so. I
think people would be like, no, that sucks. No, people think like, if you say you want to be an actor
or a singer, people are like, oh, you know, just like, yeah, every little kid wants to be an actor
or a singer, because they want to be famous and want people to pay attention to that stuff. But
if fame wasn't an actual like thing, it was like, you actually saw what it took to be like, I would
still love acting. And I think a lot of people would never want to be an actor. Yeah, they're
totally happy. Kind of like washing dishes. Yeah, I mean, is there a role that you like, if you could
do any role like on any like either small theater or like, like Broadway, like, is there a certain
role that you would freak out for? I would, there's like a lot, I would love to, there's a lot,
I don't know, that's, there's like a long list and stuff, but I would absolutely love to be like,
I don't know, I've been, I've always been cast into like small character roles. And then I've also
never been considered kind of feminine enough or masculine enough for any of the characters. So I
always end up with little bit roles and stuff that can kind of be gender neutral. And I would love
to be like a protagonist or something like Seymour in Little Shop of Horrors or like,
something like that. Let's construct a gender neutral protagonist role and we'll do a, I don't
know, it could be a male role, but just if they would cast me in it and be like, I'm allowed to
play that role. Let's figure something out and then we'll, we'll do an embarrassing improvised
version of it. Would you rather be a male lead in a show or a female lead? Yeah. Yeah. See,
you as a Seymour would be fantastic, I would love that. Thanks. All right, then I'll be, I'll be
your, your, your either, either your, your, my Audrey. Yeah, I'll be your, I'll be your plant,
your Audrey. I'd love to be the plant too. That's a big dream is to be the plant. I wouldn't even
have to be on stage, but I could just be turned up behind stage. Oh yeah, you could really ham it
up. Act one, here we go. This is Nova's, she's not auditioning. This is just her living her, her life.
I'm a plant. I'm not doing any. Seymour, what do you, why are you, you're denying me?
Like, I know it's yes and, but this is a little, hmm. Okay, Seymour, I understand. I respect your
boundaries. Thank you, Audrey too. I love you. Please don't eat me. You don't, you don't get to be a
functioning plant without being able to work with your environment. I get it. Okay. All right, that's
good. Look, I would love to play along, but being on stage here is enough. I got up of a boundary
somewhere. Sure. That was a good plant, Dan. I liked your plant. It was very meek, which was
interesting. Yeah, I'm willing to take risks. He's usually played very big and stuff. Hey, Dan.
Dan, I just saw a church, and I went and saw a fantastic production. It's in Hollywood,
if you guys are around until the 16th of Cabaret, which I love. It's a really good production.
In a very tiny theater at the Lex, or the, it's a celebration theater. It's called Cabaret at the
Lex. It's really, really good. You like Cabaret? I have not seen it, but I would love to. Yeah,
I recommend it. You must go to it. Dan, you want to do a little Cabaret for us?
Yeah, I have a memory. Are you familiar with the film or the play? Of course. Front to back. All
right. It's a musical. Chicago, I know. That's kind of similar. What do you know about? It's a musical
about Nazi times. Yeah, Nazi times. And there's a cabaret that you're in. Okay. I'll just start
like doing a little umpire kind of intro. I know Cabaret. I know the whole show.
Right. That's, of course, you're doing me a very well-known song.
There's a cabaret starting right now. You're about to see a cabaret with me.
It doesn't matter if there's Nazis. It doesn't matter if there's not cabaret. I have a cabaret
for you. Subtext. I saw the whole show. I'm very familiar with it. I'm sorry. Yeah. I have a degree.
I got a degree in it. I thought I was throwing you a curve ball. No, not at all. Cabaret,
I get it. It's a show. How about let's do a little Music Man? Right. Music Man. Robert Preston.
Yeah. Like Gary Indiana. Gary Anthony Williams. Gary Anthony Williams.
That's a deep cut. Yeah. No, I saw that movie. He keeps telling everybody they're going to have
trumpets. But then he's a con artist. And then the lady's like, you ain't got no trumpets.
And then he's like, no, I got trumpets for real. And then at the end, he has magic trumpets.
They get some real trumpets. The trumpets are fake. They get some real trumpets. Dream trumpets. Do
you know? Do you see? I haven't seen it in a long time. They get real trumpets and they come in,
but he doesn't know how to teach music. Right. But they all know how to play them. No,
they don't. Because he normally splits town before that with everybody's money,
but he falls in love with the... But then in the end, they all come in and they're like,
foot, foot up, and they don't know how to play. But they all suck. And they're all terrible.
But the families, the parents, they're so proud of their kids for even playing shitty music.
Which is kind of a linear progression, because that's exactly what we already understood to be
the con, that the parents would be so proud that he would sell them the instruments. No, no, no.
There's no curvature in that story. Normally, he sells them the instruments,
sells them the uniforms, and then fucks off with the money. But he's able to sell them based on
the parents' pride and desire for their kids to be special. But normally, he's gone before they
find out that he... So, this is a time he sticks around to find out that... That some problems
solve themselves, as they do in shitty stories. It's like if Godzilla was about to fight Mathura
and had a heart attack. And the Japanese army is like, look, Godzilla, he ate too much sandwich.
Oh, boo. Oh, boo. Wow. What was that, actually? What did you say? It was... It was Godzilla.
Come on. Is this Lyman's? Somebody called... Crazy rich Asians is... That's literally the title.
And you come off with that Charlie Chan bullshit. What the fuck in 1979?
I just said Godzilla in Crazy Rich Asian Food. Oh, God. You guys are weak.
See, this is interesting, because at least in Japan, don't they literally transpose the L and R
syllable? So, I mean, definitely, it's still racist because that's what we make fun of them for.
God, Zira. They use the R. It just seems tricky. I mean, we should definitely avoid it, but I just
like, that is what happens. Yeah, but it's like... It's the danger of coming up with rules for racism
is that you don't want anybody to think that the goal is to get away with being racist or prove
that they're not racist, because you don't want anybody... Somebody asked me in an interview today
is so-and-so racist. It was a gotcha question about somebody well-known and so supposed to
answer the question. And I said, that's a deeply irresponsible question to ask or answer about
anybody right now, because if you... Is the goal to get a not racist card from Monday
so that you can be as racist as possible on Wednesday? There is no... You don't want to ask
that or answer that. What you want to do is try to maybe figure out how to not be racist
tomorrow, which is probably going to change the definition. Right, like a lot of sensitivity
training and stuff for like, don't be racist, don't be sexist is more like, don't say these words,
or that kind of thing, which makes people go, oh, so how do I get around those words when the whole
leitmotif is like, empathy, empathy, empathy. How not to do sexist or racist things, but you're
still sexist or racist? Like, you know, not like you, but like a person. If the movement was focused
on like, it was like, hey, there's people out here. Not like you. Like a person. Hey, there's
people out here. Like an actual human. Like a person with feelings. I won't have those words put
in my mouth. I just repeated what you said, sweetheart. Okay, fine. Darling. But it's hard to
come up with rules, like just treat people like people. Treat them like they were your best friend,
and then you're like, well, my best friends and I used to play smear the queer with the ball up as
rare. It's like, yeah, what I'm saying to you is like, wasn't a great game. Wait, I never was
satisfying enough for the language. I never heard the ball of the rear part. 70s, Wisconsin.
Problematized. Yeah. But anyways, but yeah, I know it's time wears on. It's just like, oh,
wait a minute, like all this all these rules have to be about like, can we actually worry about
hurting each other? Like stopping people saying a word doesn't mean everyone's suddenly not racist
or sexist. In fact, it actually teaches people how to exploit certain rules because hackers are
all about code. You can talk really well and then not say certain words and stuff. And then somebody
who doesn't really know the who doesn't really know the rules or whatever, but they're clearly like a
good person who's not racist or sexist or whatever. They're not on the real like the wavelength of
like, we're not allowed to say this anymore or something like that. And conversely, the kinds
of people who are into rules, i.e., like those are the people that are going to be the first people
to like adapt and pick up on shit and go like, oh, so if I say this and don't say that and then I
say this and don't say that and then if you said that and then you said that and then you said that
and they're like the kinds of people that have those kinds of brains, they're pretty largely
dangerous people. They got that way because they are not focused on empathy. Yeah, they're more
concerned with like self-image rather than actually being good to other people. They're just like,
I want everyone to think that I'm being good to other people or whatever. I don't know, I don't
want it to, I'm like scared to talk about this too much. Yeah, I don't want to drag you into
someone's pit where they're like, did you hear Harbid Town? You're a friend Nova. I have a few
bones to pick. Anyways. Nova, what's your last name? Mandel? You, what? Mandel? Okay. You wanted
to be special. My name? Nova special? Nova special. I don't know, like there's like Nova
specials, right? I don't know. My name's already Nova, like I'm identifiable. If somebody actually
knows me or is in my life, they'll be like, that's Nova. They're not going to be like,
that's a different John or whatever. It's not like the Mandel gives me away.
There's a Nova special that I can never watch because my dogs won't allow me. It's about dogs.
They freak out too much. It's the one about dogs. I don't think I've ever seen an episode of Nova,
except I remember one time in science class, they were like, let's put on a movie. So they put on
Nova. So then it was like the big logo flashed on the screen, Nova. And then like big dramatic
music and everyone was like, yeah. We get to make out. What? What'd you say? I didn't hear.
It's cool. I left Nova. I watch it all the time. Thanks. Yeah.
Yeah. Didn't you ask me to talk about how I am? I mean, we can talk about anything you want.
Okay, good. Moving forward. Well, I think she was going to eulogize John McCain, right?
No. Yeah, I just, yeah, you listened to the show. You know, like, what's my job? What am I supposed
to do? It's, I think it's the same from that it's always been. I mean, maybe it's been different
in your head, but it's always like kind of seemed the same of, well, you can have a lot of internal
things going on. And then we kind of get the same results at the end or whatever. You just,
you know, you come out and you talk and then it's like, it's your show. You have Spencer and you have
Jeff and then you have Schrab. Hey. Can I ask you a question? Okay. When is he doing it right?
Well, I don't, I don't know. Would you listening to it? You're like, oh, yeah, this is, this is he's
doing it right. Well, Harmontown is Harmontown. Like there's like, if you're talking about like
your dog door or whatever, like I might think it's hilarious and then somebody else might be like,
and then you might be talking about a drink you had and then someone else might think it's hilarious.
And I might be like, but I always love the show because if I, I don't get people who are like,
I hit every episode except these kinds of episodes. Like, I mean, if you're like that,
fine, be picky with your stuff. But for me, it's just, but for me, it's just like, I love,
like, I love Harmontown and I probably wouldn't listen to it if I didn't always really like it.
And I don't know. I'm really like, you talk a lot about how special it was at like
the meltdown and stuff. And like, I'm like sad that I never got to go there because I was like,
listening to every single episode through and I was like, when I catch up, I'll go and then you
guys had lost Starburns. And what was that? No, this is so sad that there's already a post
meltdown generation. That's so sad. Are you going to stab your parents? Like, like, like,
it's a whole generation board. I'm always going to stab your parents. No, I've always been happy
to still listen to the show. But are you sure? Yeah, I'm sure. Are you going to weaponize your
tiny Rick and Morty backpack? Fill it with rocks. That could be something that was too ready an
answer. That was. I just saw it and I just thought rocks. I like that you went stone age on that.
That's fantastic. I don't fill with knives or something just rocks. That's fine.
Yeah, I mean, every time I am the exits are two to the right.
I don't know. I'll just I'll just talk about like, since I've been coming here and stuff like,
yeah, I caught up with all the episodes and I was like, oh, they don't have a theater. And then I
kept thinking like, please don't end, please don't end, please don't end if they can't find a theater
or whatever. And you guys came here and I was so happy. And then every single time I'm like, I hope
he's not like I'm good on the show. I hope he's not like I'm good on the show. Hope he's not gonna
what? End the show and the show. Oh, God, I don't want to hold people hostage with that. That's awful.
Horrible archetype. Maybe you'll end the show. What do you think? No, no, no, I don't feel that way
at all. I know. I mean, I blow things up in my head. So I hear like one tone and I'm like,
yeah, clearly, I'm participating in that somehow or you wouldn't be saying that. Yeah, no, I mean,
I guess. Are you gonna end the show, Dan? Let me think about it. It depends how many people
love me. No, I know, I really don't. That's not my intention. Dan will not end the show. But I mean,
every time I, but I mean, almost every single week since since you started doing the shows here,
I just I come early. So I'm ahead in line. And then I make friends with someone in line. And then
some people come back like a lot. And then we sit next to each other during the show. And then,
you know, I love the show. After listening to the podcast so long, then coming here,
like the first couple shows, which is like, I get really excited by things. So I was like,
completely starstruck. And now it's I've calmed down a little bit. Now you're over it for sure.
No, I'm not over it, sir. I'm just like, now you felt the onstage sadness that goes on up here.
No, I'm just like, my excitement levels are off the charts. Now I can just actually like enjoy
the show without this. I kind of get it in the sense of like, like the podcast that I listen to,
some of them I even like Cody and I talk about like very candidly, in a way that I wouldn't
you like, are we we're hate listening to this podcast, we love this podcast. It's like, the
lines blur. But the behavior doesn't change, which is something a guy like me would obsess about.
Like, wait, am I doing good or bad? You like me or hate me. But it's like a podcast that
that people are listening to, they're listening to because it's like part of their family. And
your family, you're like, you're like, Uncle Henry, like, whatever, like, I don't do I do
I admire him? Do I do I think I should do what he says or anything? It's just sort of like,
no, he's Uncle Henry is always there. Because I listen to these podcasts that are like sort of,
if they experiment too much, I actually get mad at them. And I'm kind of like, like, oh,
this guy always does that. And then I put it on and I'm like, then they do something different.
And I'm like, what are you doing? Stop it. Well, I'm not listening for anything other than just
the people that are on the show. You and Spencer and Jeff and then whoever else might be here,
like, Rob or Brandon or whatever. God bless you. God bless you. I don't need it. I don't need it.
Whoever else. You're doing a great job. You guys are the three that are here every week. Yeah,
also, we are. And there's Brandon. This is exactly what Dan wants to hear. You're doing great.
No, that was that specific. I was like, do you need a drink or anything? I wish.
Oh, no. Can I pour your drink? You're all right. Do you drink? You don't get high,
but do you drink? Are you driving? Do you pass the popcorn? Don't give them the popcorn.
I was going to offer my popcorn because I had about the same amount left. I'm okay. Thank you.
No, not again. There's not a lot left. Are you sure you want it?
Yes, give it to me. There's not enough left. There's plenty. Look at this.
That's the best stuff. I have to enjoy it really hard out of spite.
You get that bottom of the popcorn bag, toothbreaker shit. That's the saltiest stuff.
Don't put it on my bag. Would you say, though, among your top, if you were to grab a couple
words, like an adjective, I present you with a C of adjectives, and I say, Nova.
Nova, pick your, like, here's a handful of adjectives, and you're just grabbing them. Go.
Would you, true or false, from the Dan Harmon thing, you're like, oh, well, honesty. I want
honesty. Dan's going to be honest with me. You're going to grab honesty, right? Transparency.
Don't make a sound. I mean, or do because I'm transparent and I'll deal with the fucking hurt
that you just inflicted on me in real time when you're like, because you're such an, you're so
honest, that person that they're like, if he's honest, if he's, fuck you, I'm going to kill myself
and mention you in the note. C3H. You don't even know. That's your seat.
Used to say that a lot. Like, I'm going to write a suicide note. You're going to be in it.
Like, it's an awesome, it's an awesome fucking burn, isn't it? It's hard to kill yourself and
mention you in the note. It goes hard. It does not go late at a person like baller.
It's like your version of baller. Yeah. You're balling. I'm a baller, like
depressive kind of every baller. Manic depressive baller. Yeah. But I also don't advocate for.
I got to say, you and Nova, I've just met her, but I've known you for a long time. You guys are
both some real manic depressive ballers. Thanks, man. It's true. But anyway,
Quentin Crisp said in a suicide note, you should never take anybody with you. You should be classy
about it. Like, don't say like, oh, I blame that person. Like, you leave it alone.
I'm trying to figure out. That's why you're a suicide note writer.
It's a little suicide note. Remember that tonight. Some jokes are funny because they go too far.
Like, I'm going to put you in my suicide note, but it has to be the time and the place,
like Harmontown is the time and the place, because that's the way that they should know it.
And I have a rich tradition of perfectly blocking the tightrope. I never. Yeah, everyone loves it.
I've never faulted. I mean, yeah, with the honesty thing, it's less honesty, specifically that word.
The word is more authenticity. Like, and like, genuineness or whatever of like, you just come
out here and be yourself. You're not like, okay, this is like, I don't know. I've never really.
So then if that person is going through a crisis where they're like, who the fuck am I?
Then it's like, start things start to get a little bit brektian to borrow a phrase that I
heard a college student once say. I hardly know what it means. But you know, like, it's like,
oh, shit, like, like where that's the thing. Like, oh, hey, the podcast is about me figuring out
what the podcast is. And then you're like, well, that and 50 cents will get me a Snickers.
I mean, I've never like not listened to an episode because you're in a bad mood, but like
I saw I'm dating myself 50 cents once bought you a Snickers that in a pot, a handful of shit will
fill one hand. I don't understand what that was supposed to what that dad's point was. I have no
idea. I can't even begin to kind of be real mean, I think was his point. Yeah, just trying to kind
of be smart. He was sort of indoctrinating his son into a world of substance. He's saying like,
welcome to the world of substance. Like, real things are shit. Anything that fills your hand
is worth something. And that's it. But it's like, things that are real are shit. Are you saying
that because the guy that owns you has a hand full of something invisible called credit? Like,
like, don't you work for a fucking corporation that doesn't even have a hand that is already filled
with like fucking debt? I know it makes me mad. Fuck dad. Not dad. Yeah. I mean, yeah, but like,
you know, capitalism and stuff. Fuck capitalism and dad. Fuck capitalism and dad. For the same
reason. Except for the narrow window of capitalism that assures me an exit strategy.
It's basically saying don't dream because like, what is a wish? Like, I have to go to work this
morning. He's kind of saying like, let me try to like, like, like, punch up his like, like, like,
like he's like, here's, here's, here's my pitch on what are you saying? Hey, son, poop in one hand
and wish in the other and tell me which gets you more peanuts. Neither. No, poop has peanuts in
it. It's gross, but only if you eat peanuts. It doesn't just have peanuts in it. Magic. No,
poop comes right now. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. Okay. I didn't know
it. You didn't watch Nova. I got one. Hey, I got one. I got one. Eat these peanuts. Hey,
I got now shit in your hand. Hey, I got. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, mine requires a certain
amount of peanuts. I got one shit in one hand. Shit in the other hand.
I'd see all the shit in your hand. Yeah. And you can kill them both with one stone, right?
Wish you had some soap and wish and see what happens because you don't have the hand.
There's more shit. Shit in one hand. Shit in the other hand. Look at the mess you made. Now,
go to the bathroom and clean up the shit on your hands before we have dinner. That's life.
Shit in one hand. Shit in the other hand. Then you'll find out whether you're left or right-handed.
Which one you drop faster or something? You always poop. Shit in both hands at the same time.
Rub them on your feet. Roll around in it. Eat the shit. Wish you didn't do that.
And see what happens. And be like, wish for the shit to be gone. See if anything happens,
you know, just like... It's weird that the anti-wish lobby is so adamant about fictionalizing their
metaphors to drive it home. It's like, aren't you a pragmatist? Just tell me, wishes don't mean
anything. Like, what's with the narrative, fucking anti-wish man? Like, hey, why don't you take a
wish and put it in a dragon's ass? Like, whoa, hey, what are we in Narnia here? I thought wishes
don't mean anything. I think wishes are worth more than shit, at least in this world. Definitely.
I mean, shit is like literal negative value in most situations. Yeah, you got to wash it off.
You're like, I got to get rid of this. It's a liability. You have work to do. You're like,
I got to get rid of this shit. It's based on classics that actually landed. Like, daddisms,
like for instance, my dad would say, if you would go, well, if we do this and they would do that,
my dad would say, if my aunt had balls, she'd be my uncle. Or if frogs had wings, they would
bump their ass a hoppin'. Ifs and buts were dicks. We'd all have a merry Christmas.
Yeah, it turns out, actually, life caught up to dad. If my aunt had balls, she'd be my uncle. Now
you could say, actually, dad, let's ask them what pronoun they'd prefer. Yeah, I would actually,
a huge thing that I actually really love about the show is that there's been like transgender people
on stage because like, I'm transgender and there's like, they're nowhere to be found. Like, you know,
if birds and bees were poos and bees, I was being sincere. The air would smell all stinky.
Now I'm embarrassed that I brought it up because you made a joke of it.
No, you felt vulnerable and you felt like you assailed your vulnerability. No, I'm
glad you feel, I'm glad that you feel comfortable about that. I didn't mean to assail your
vulnerability. That's okay. I love that you've talked about it. It's amazing. I am not a person
who is. Makes me very happy. I try to police myself being reactive to things like, I sense
my reactions to things like, I'm an old man and then I see something in the headlines and I,
you know, I have that same instinct that other people have. I go, well, now this,
oh brother. Yeah, these bird scooters. I feel like an old man too. I see things like, oh,
this new technology and I'm like, for like, you know, some new culture. I'm like, why are they
doing that? You know, but then I try to go like, well, wait a minute, what are we doing here?
Yeah, I try to be like, okay, so what if people are doing something like either it'll pass or
if it's like not like a dumb thing, then maybe we'll stick around and it'll be fine.
Hey, if you guys, if you guys tried the void, the VR experience, the VR thing at the Glendale
Gallery. Yeah. Yeah. Levy, where is the, I don't mean to be, I think the ice bucket. Oh, yeah,
the ice thing. Yeah. Have you done it? No melting ice bucket. We'll make it happen over time. Okay.
Spencer? Yes. You have done it? No, no. The void. The VR experience. Yeah, I did it. I did it.
You don't like sincerity. What? Is that you guys don't like sincerity? He really did do the void.
Huh? That's honesty. That's true. You're right. I'm sorry for. What? You were talking about
technology, right? I guess. In a way. You were saying there's this new technology. I love what
ever happens on the show. I think Nova's implying that the trans thing. Steve Levy, everybody. Steve
Levy. Thank you. No, we don't need to talk about that though. It's fine. Right. And I think that's
out there. Yeah, they didn't. I just want to say that because I really. Steve Levy walking through
the aisle. I just want to say that because I really do appreciate that about you. It makes
me really, really happy. I'm really glad to hear you say that. I honestly, I need to,
I need to hear that because I often, because I've often in the past like, because like,
like I just, the story of my life is that I just blunder through these minefields and I'm just
like, well, if I just pee myself, then everybody will get the message that I don't mean anybody
any harm. Yeah, that's kind of how I do things too. And it gets a little tricky sometimes. Yeah,
yeah, it does. I mean, I definitely, yeah, like, I don't mind that you like blunder through things
or whatever. Like I'd rather people talk about things than just pretend. I'd rather. So much.
No, but you're the best, by the way. Thanks. I love you up here.
Yeah, I'd rather people talk about things than like ignore them because they're and try to pretend
they don't exist because they're afraid of messing something up. You know, like I'd rather you like
kind of address it even if you like blunder quote unquote, but that's just me. Like a lot of people
kind of in my circles kind of don't feel that way. They're like, if you say a wrong word,
fuck you, you know, and I'm like, I understand that stuff too. Because I understand like,
like, I mean, I've look, it's been a like the last two years in particular has been a fucking
crazy roller coaster ride for even my archetype. So like, even before that shit, you why you made
a watch me going up and down and like learning about like, Oh, how do I address this and how
to what language do I use here? And then election happens. And it's like, Oh, now I'm learning,
like what it's actually like to feel like you're like isolated and that you have no control.
And it's like, welcome to the party from it's, it's, it's very interesting. Like I, I can't
remember what my point was. I'm probably too drunk. But, but I do appreciate that because I'm
trying to listen to books now on tape that are like called like, getting over your addiction to
approval. Like, like, like, I like now at this point in this, this, this, this, this twilight
of my life, like, like my thing, like, like, like, my thing has to be about that's, that's like,
my ironic job is like, I have this like tank of shame that like, it's nobody else's fault that
it's there. And it's like, it has nothing to do with like, whether or not I've paid more dues than
anybody else. It's just a fucking fact that like, I have this crazy battery of filled with shame.
And like anybody that says if somebody says pass the salt, there's a 20% higher chance
that I'll figure out a way to turn it into you didn't pass the salt earlier, you piece of shit,
that it's just, it's just like weird shit like that. Like, like, I got this like fucking bucket
of shame driving me. Absolutely. And so that makes it in particular, like, it's like, Oh,
what's with this approval addiction? Because if you're going to try to get people's approval,
then you're going to run into situations where people are going to say, actually,
I'll take a pass on that you didn't get my approval. And if that's going to make you fly
into a rage, maybe you shouldn't be in the approval game, or maybe you should lose the shame,
etc. So I'm listening to all these fucking like books on tape that are like, hey, like, like,
don't care what people think. But at the same time, like, how does that help? Yeah, I mean,
it's it's a it's a turbulent mess. And so because it's a turbulent mess, I think that's
the good news about it is that actually, we could we could actually all call out to each other
over a whirlpool, like, actually a quality achieved. If it gets if it gets that chaotic,
we can all be like, I can't tell the difference between anybody right now. I'm pretty sure it's
just us versus a whirlpool. Like, who doesn't want to drown? And everyone goes, yay. And anybody
that says, I do want to drown, it's like, all right, sounds like you're in pain. Like, like,
because why should you want to drown? And anybody that's like, you should drown, I'm not drowning.
It's like, okay, you fucking diluted Nazi. But even then, for agreement says that guy's made of light.
I don't know. I'm going to figure it out with one thing tonight is that Nazis are made of light.
I refuse that to be the title of the show. Are you saying we shouldn't call it
Nazis are made of light? Yeah, I mean, I definitely get the like approval thing and like the built
in shame thing of like, I'll totally apologetically be myself all the time. But if anybody calls me
on anything, I'll be like, you're right. I'm like, hey, it's totally cool. However,
past the salt is fine. You know, it's all good. And then if anybody were to be like,
why'd you pass the salt like that? Even if it wasn't super mean, I'd just be like,
you're right. I'm a piece of shit. I didn't pass it right. I need to figure out exactly how to pass
it right. Otherwise, like, you know, I'm really cool with people asking me to pass the salt.
That's nice. If they want the salt, everything's a fucking competition with you.
And it's on my side of the table. I could stop for two seconds, two microns,
and pass the salt over to somebody. Maybe I've been using it. Maybe I've been bow guarding the salt.
God damn it. He finally wins. I've known this guy for 80 years.
Feels like it. I met him in Amber. That's how old we are.
In where? Amber. It's like just resin. We were both on top of a Brontosaurus.
And I was like, hello. And he was like, hi. And then we got bored out and shipped here.
We're a thousand years old. Yeah, I had a friend for like six years, which is a long time when
you're like a teenager or whatever. And it's like, yeah, by the end, we just like hate each other
and stuff. You know, it's like, all right, he's still my best friend. I don't know.
Yeah, the closest people and all that shit.
Yeah. But you know, it's kind of like, like, you know, the thing I'm like,
I'm listening to the self esteem book. And the thing that blew my mind that actually
really challenged me because I was like, fuck, they took that away from me, too,
is self loathing. It's like, it's it's another fucking dodge. That's the thing.
I just realized that the other day, like it blew, I was in my shower, I was in my shower,
and I had to get out of the shower. Well, it's just another way of like giving
into yourself critic. And like, you're basically doing it. It's a dodge. It's like a,
it's like a checkkiting scheme. It's an excuse. If you were to say to me, like, oh,
you said some transphobic shit in the last podcast. And if I were to go,
yeah, I'm a piece of fucking shit. I'm so fucking transphobic. What the fuck is wrong with you?
You know, and if I then you're like, it's like, I'm an apology or anything like that. Yeah,
I'm like, it's not a real wreck turning it on you. Right. And like, also, I'm just like avoiding
everything. I do that to you turn into the victim. You're like, Oh, I feel bad, you know,
so like, you know, I don't know. When I was a kid, if anyone ever accused me of like, Oh,
you were mean to this person, which like I never was, it was just like, if someone misinterpreted
something I said or something, and like, I would just immediately just burst into tears,
because, and it was like legitimate. I wasn't faking it of like, Oh, what was me,
but maybe like unconsciously I was, I don't know. Well, I did. Well, it fucking hurts to think
it feels better to be the victim. Don't like you. It fucking hurts to the worst thing that could
ever happen. Yeah, absolutely. Like you could hit me in the face with a two by four. I would take
that over. Like when I was on the playground, and people would punch me, like the thing that would
make me cry would be somebody coming up and sticking up for me and going like, Hey, leave
him alone. And then I'd start crying, because it'd be like, Oh, I'm like causing everybody like,
Oh, like you're like making people like have to pay attention to you or something.
Cool guy now has to take time out of his day. Oh, I'm fine with this piece of shit, like
fucking hit me harder. Like it only makes me stronger. Like now this fucking cool dude's
got to come up like fucking pony boy. And yeah, like, it doesn't even have to be like people
liking you. It's just like a first and a tears ability. No, don't just stick up for me. You
went to school with Ralph Machio. Wow. I mean, it was 83 every. Yes, we all did. Okay. You said
you looked like Ralph Machio. Spencer, what was your shower epiphany? Just what Dan was saying.
Like a self hatred is like just an excuse to not really like it's a stopping point because
you're like, Oh, should I should I go exercising? No, I hate myself. I don't have to do that.
But it's like, well, no, you thought of the exercising because that's something probably
important that you should do. And you shouldn't just stop thinking about it by short cutting
it with I hate myself. And yeah, so I think that's what he was getting at is it's a dodge.
Anything you're kind of focusing on yourself, you're basically shutting down those avenues
that we're going to be frustrating, which is connection where you might be accountable.
You might have to do the awkward, painful thing of like not being a hero or a villain and just
saying to somebody, Oh, did I like hard like just regular person that maybe is or isn't
high maintenance, like a maybe should or shouldn't be my friend and isn't a hero or a villain, but
just is saying I'd prefer it if you gave me Splendid instead of sweet and low, like the
tendency to go like, fuck this bitch, like fuck this shit, like fuck people and I'm going to
give as much as I take and or is going like, Yeah, I'm a piece of shit. I can't do anything. Right.
Both of those are the same. There are alternatives to just going like, Okay, cool. So Splendid
next time. But also sometimes self loathing feels but also sometimes the self loathing as opposed
to turning it out on other people can feel safer because you feel like you're not hurting anyone.
No, you feel like that's fine. That's like classic fucked up shit where you're like,
I mean, you're like, like no offense to people who actually have their doing this. I'm saying
like, like, like, we know this manifestation where people are like, I'm gonna fucking cut myself
until you call me back and all that shit. Like that's, that's an instinct that humans have,
like because we it'll it'll give you a dopamine spike doesn't work back to that comfort place.
What, what did you, what did you just say? Villain, we found a villain. Now I'm comfortable.
He said, he said, we're boring. No, I didn't. He said, no, it's not. I said, it doesn't work.
It doesn't work. Oh, okay. Well, we agree with that. So it's fine. We'll look the other way while I
dry my eyes. And I'm comfortable in this awesome chair that I got for you. You're welcome. You
I haven't stopped smiling. Yeah, I mean, that maybe that's why I love Harmonytone so much,
because I see so much myself in you and stuff. And also, like, you're in your 40s. So I'm like,
okay, cool, like, you know, if that's the worst that could happen. Yeah, you're like, I'm not
kidding. I mean, I would like to think that honestly, because I was like, you know, like,
honestly, if the worst it gets is like, like, I can still be like fumbling around in 45. And
like, it's cool. That's that is like, that's what I want to hear. Yeah, I don't I don't know,
I don't pay a lot of attention to stuff made by people like my age, because I'm like, well,
what do you have to offer me? Oh, more and more every year. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. That's glib.
I guess any fantasy requests as far as like segments, like, like, like, if you if you could
just fantasize about like, you're listening to it, you're, you're, I can't remember what you said you
were. What your ideal is that? Oh, yeah, you're playing Sims and you listen to podcasts. So any
like, you're like, God, I wish they would do like a top 10 list or just any kind of my favorite parts
of all time of the show are when this is not a fantasy thing. This happens constantly. My favorite
part of any episode is when you D&D. Wait, sorry, sorry, I cut you off. Yeah, what are you gonna
say now? Is the is the beginning when you come out and you have funny stories from your life of
like something weird happened with a dog door, or even just someone ran into my garage, because I'm
very lonely and pathetic. And it feels like I have a friend, you know, who's like telling me about
something that I actually am not bored by. And, you know, or it's funny or like this, the, you
know, people beat the little light at the, you know, whatever. Yeah, yeah, and it probably feels
good. I would imagine I hope that to know that like, oh, if I fantasize about slowly getting
richer and richer, that I realize that that actually just constricts your life experience
down to this like dilated, like, like, Harmon just keeps talking about how his toilet works.
It kind of like, I guess I'm more, I have more flower petals when I'm 25. I don't know if that
segment of the show has a bigger meaning for me. That's like the funniest part of the show. I
always think about I just go like, well, what is that? What is comedy? It's like, you're supposed
to be drawing from living your life. And then I just think about like, I think the only person
that's nailed it so far is Larry David, because he migrated to HBO and then was like, literally,
like, this is a show about me arguing with my gardener. And I'd like, but you think like,
that is genuinely the progression. Like, if you're, if you are successful at getting people to
laugh, like you, you are rewarded in our glorious society to a level where you're like, I no longer,
you don't have, I, the top of this podcast is I would come out and I would go, like, I'm so sick
of people telling me to tie my shoes. You said that a lot. Like, I that that would be a such a
dishonest thing right now. I would come out, I would have to come out now and say, I'm so sick
of the guilt that comes with knowing that everyone's afraid to tell me anything about my shoes or
else they'll get fired. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, you self advocate enough and then you're like, it's not
relatable. And it's also a little uncomfortable. And it doesn't, it's like, there's a little bit of
a loop there. But it's honest. Well, it's also when I wanted to be. It's a way like, you know,
but also like, like, who want, yeah, like, yeah, I do get that about comedy for sure. Like, I talk
about like acting like I don't need to be famous. And that's what I know I like. But I fantasized
a lot about maybe enjoying being a standup comic, or making like a sitcom or something where like,
I create the characters, and then I can express darker things, you know, like I can kind of
express less savory things, because it's funny. You know, like, I don't have to, I don't, yeah.
Let me give you a choice between, but without like, if you, because I think like, as far as like,
guests that we would book, like, in terms of categories, like your favorite, like,
screenwriters, like, like people that do what I do, me talking to them,
anti-fascist activists, who feel the way I feel about, about not going gently into
this fucking horrible night, at the risk of depressing all of us, and also offending like,
the 30% of us who are more than welcome here. And then, what's-
30%?
Oh my god.
Look, my math is notoriously wrong, but I still get a weird feeling it's going to turn out to be
right. But, but, and then, I don't know, there's a third category you could, you could make it up,
but like, like, like, I can't, like, like, like, should I, I should just have-
Trash delivery!
Or, or like, Paul, you're too young, you remember, Paul Appoundstone had a show on a
showtire or HBO or something, and she would just have like, literally like, a firefighter,
or like, meter maid, or something like, like, like, like, like, she would just, like, it was
sort of like, these are the people in your neighborhood, kind of like-
Like, we went, like, when we had the guy who, like, worked at Target and, like, knew about
all the targets and stuff, like, he knew all the insider stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, I probably don't remember that one.
Maybe it was just, like, from the audience.
It was, like, Scoota or something.
Scoota, yeah, that was Scoota.
Let's get Scoota back, huh? That guy was hot.
I know, I wish there were, like, there's, like, no, there's, like, hardly anybody here-
Let's get him a, let's get him a line of Scoota, and he can Scoota back over.
That was good, that was good. I don't know why that didn't get the response.
The third category would be like, like, like-
No, that, that's honesty.
My callbacks are so fucking rich and dense that people really can't-
You're too smart for the room, Jeff.
Oh, yeah.
I can go, I can go, I can go and say,
let's book Edward Newmeyer, he wrote Robocop, let's book, like, like,
I just go, like, all the screenwriters, you know?
Like, I would just want to reach out to all the screenwriters,
but then is my show just, like, Elvis Mitchell?
Like, like, I'm just talking, well, page 10 of Robocop, and you chose to do this,
you know, like, I don't know.
Let's get people that are way too, like, fancy for us,
but they have to do yoga with Dave Kline.
Let's get-
Oh, yeah, I was one of the people who came up and did that, that was weird.
That was awesome, that was amazing.
It was wild.
That was, that was wild, that's exactly the word I would use.
Oh, yeah.
You're telling me.
Should we try a little D&D?
Yeah, I mean, well, let's let Nova plug her album.
Yeah, Nova, what's your, your new record comes out?
Oh, sorry, but what is your pronoun?
Sorry, I kept you referring to you as her, and you said you were trans.
I don't know.
It's, you're up in the air.
If I, if I, if I had my wish, I would use they, but a lot of people don't want to use they.
It's, it's, it's, well, we're catching up.
It's like, it's gonna, it might take a little time.
They're, they're, they're, yeah.
He is good too.
They're all fine.
Awesome.
Awesome. What's the, what's the, what's the, do you want to, do you want to deliver any
parting, look this up, go to this, go to that, donate to this, like anything.
This is your chance.
Hey, catch me on Tumblr.
That's the only thing I do that's visible to any other people.
Have you seen my post, my post about almond milk?
No, do you have a Tumblr?
Some people talk about my post about almond milk.
I don't like almond milk.
I don't like it either.
You might enjoy my post.
I, I, I can't, I can't stop talking about your almond milk.
I would enjoy that post.
It's not sweet.
Well, they're sweet, but that's not good either.
I mean, don't search it out.
But if you see it, it has a lot of notes.
Are you on Tumblr?
I was, yeah.
Oh, not anymore.
Not, not actively.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I love almond milk.
Yeah.
Well, that's nice.
That's fine.
All right, let's give it up for Nova, everybody.
Thank you so much.
Nova.
Thanks for joining us up here.
Thank you.
Thanks so much.
Dan.
That was fun, huh?
Yeah.
Dan.
But.
Dan, that was very, that was a very emotional,
very sensitive talk.
Don't fucking mock me.
No, you look very,
this is something I haven't seen in a while.
You know, whatever, anything that happened to value
between me and this guest.
I enjoyed it.
It was in spite of you.
Why, why, why?
And you have no right now to patronize.
I'm not.
And, and I mean just.
I'm trying to give you a compliment.
I'm saying you did a great job.
I hear your dog whistle blowing.
Hey, Dan, I hear your, Dan.
And I feel your bellow call.
Dan, come on.
I hear your dog whistle blowing.
You always do this song when I'm trying to get serious.
This fake Johnny Cash song.
You always do this Ursat's Johnny Cash needle drop
that you don't have to pay for.
Yeah.
I hear that dog whistle blowing.
I want to, I want to hear all of this stuff.
What happened, what happened to you over the weekend
that you were.
Because the rim of my cup.
What happened to you?
The cup full of bullets and the prisons.
What's up?
I'm Johnny Cash.
I'm going round.
I've never felt this forest found.
I'd eat a million redwood trees and drove a Chevy to the dam.
And I spent a night in prison and I ate your mama's ham.
I'm Johnny Cash.
I was in prison.
I invented the prism.
I was there when Isaac Newton's apple fell on top of his tawny head.
And I took him to Falson prison and I had sex with his head.
And because when you're tough, you sing.
Country Western high security wing.
Johnny Cash, ring of fire, potato man, tire wire.
I've eaten that redwood tree and I'm free.
Johnny Cash.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
I am my only entertaining myself.
Steve Levy plays in D&D, everybody.
Levy, are you out there?
Are you amongst?
Every time I try to take it to a serious place, you got to sing that song.
Steve Levy to the stage.
Here he is, everybody.
Hell yeah.
I like to sing from the heart.
That's the laziest hand shake.
May it come to me.
Shake my hand.
Shake, don't.
Put it down.
Our time is short, Spence.
I'm sorry.
Wait, Spence, there's a thing.
Don't you have a thing, Spence?
I got way too many things.
Holy shit, you guys.
I got things.
First of all, Dan, Nova said the favorite part of the show was when, at the beginning,
when you're telling the stories, did you clock that as like, oh yeah,
when I have all this great stuff prepared, that's when you enjoy it?
No, because I never really, I never flattered myself
was thinking that that's when the stuff's good.
Oh, it's great.
We heard it from the source.
Well, that seems like a, yeah, I mean, like, oh, my favorite part of the broccoli
is the pad of butter on top of it.
Yeah.
Well, tough titties.
It's broccoli.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know, but I, yeah, they, I sure.
I just wanted to ask, I'd forget behind stage, backstage.
Is that like a subtle note from you that you're like, I wish you prepared more?
No, I just, that was what I, that was what my interpretation and I was like,
well, Dan hates himself too.
I wonder if that was his interpretation.
Yeah, but you don't want to, you don't want to put more anxiety on me about
preparing for the show.
No, you don't have to do any of that.
I wanted to, if you felt that way, tell you not to.
But look what I've done instead.
I feel like you're flipping the script on me where you're like,
yeah, your D&D is your whole fucking shitty show.
No, no, no, no, no.
How would you like it if everyone was relying on you to prepare stuff
and you were unprepared?
No, no, this is, that was not my intent.
I see how obvious it is to see now that that's how it reads.
This is all, this is like last week all over again.
We have to, we have to learn to have empathy
or we're never going to communicate with each other.
Yeah, man.
It's rough out there.
Look what I just did.
I just did the thing that we were talking about where I'm like,
oh, you hate me because I do this and like,
I'm doing that because I'm not communicating.
I do that too.
It's great.
I'm working through it together.
You're a good friend and you've been my friend forever.
Yeah, man.
And like, you're great.
We're going to do it.
Yeah, all right.
Tonight.
That's more awkward to say than I hate myself.
No, it's cool.
I appreciate you saying that.
And?
I feel the same way.
Rob's good too.
And?
Rob's not right.
He has his moments, but Jesus Christ,
tonight has featured none of them.
So that was, no, you had some moments.
That was thing one.
Thing two is in my news update, my dad has a VCR now.
Whoa.
He got a VCR from a Harmontown fan named Alejandro,
who lives in the area.
And he hooked my dad up with a VCR,
and he's going to watch the VHS tapes he has
and see if it's among them, the Goonies thing.
The Goonies commercial.
Yeah, we're not sure he has it, but we will find out soon.
Will you explain to the people who haven't heard the other
episode what we're talking about?
So when I was a kid, I was maybe in a Goonies commercial
that my dad shot, and he put it on local cable TV
or local TV or something.
And it might exist, and everyone but me
thought that was cool.
So?
I'm going to melt if I ever see that.
It's sure to be a letdown.
There's no way it's not.
No, I'm glad if you like it.
That'll be good.
I think just seeing you as a kid is good enough.
Sure.
I got a beard and everything.
All right, Spencer, it's been 1,000 years.
One more thing.
Oh, yeah, you got your chest of magic over here.
I actually, I don't want to alarm anybody,
but I actually started another podcast.
It's about being a dungeon master,
and I'm giving advice to dungeon masters.
I saw that shit in the most awkward way possible,
which is Instagram just browsing.
Right.
I knew it.
It's just D&D.
It's just DMing.
It's not comedy.
It's not funny.
It's not entertaining.
It's like going to class.
It's studying.
It's not good.
It's where we talk shit about us.
Yeah.
So you can hear me talking shit about six or seven episodes
in when I'm sure Dan hasn't listened to anything.
Right.
All right, Spencer, I'm going to my second level
druid spells, and I'm going to lay some heavy shit on you.
OK.
I guarantee you, I'm going to chill metal on this one.
It's called Master Manual.
You can check it out.
Yeah, well, I was just going to say completely that.
I'm also on another.
Master Manual, not on Starburn's audio.
Well, you know, they can court us.
I'm not opposed to it.
Make an offer.
I'm on a.
You know what I'm saying?
I know exactly what you're saying.
And I don't predict you'll be coming over.
That's a self deprecating statement.
Sure.
Yeah, I mean, I'm open to it.
I think you should hold yourself to a higher standard.
Well, I hold myself to a higher standard.
I'm on a podcast.
Another D&D podcast.
Oh, yeah, Fear Initiative.
Fear Initiative on the Blum House.
What the fuck, you know?
Hey, you snooze.
You lose.
Suck my dick.
Let's play.
And they're so nice to me over there.
They're so nice.
I walk in and go, Rob, how you doing?
What did you do this weekend?
That's nice.
How did it?
What are your dreams?
What are you?
What did you?
What are your interests?
That's really cool.
Wow.
All right, Spencer.
I'm listening.
Give him three weeks.
Catch us all up because it's been a thousand years.
Wait, Spencer, isn't there a thing that you wanted to play?
What are you talking about?
I thought there's a video clip.
Oh, yeah, that'll be later.
Oh, OK, cool.
I got a video clip.
I knew.
I didn't know what you were talking about.
Yeah, speaking of preparedness, this guy.
It's the Goonies.
No.
Yeah, no, it's not.
Was your laptop in the freezer?
What's that?
I'm sorry, Jeff.
OK, never mind.
This angle.
My iPad finger's getting sore over here.
Oh, no.
Yeah, go ahead, Rob.
Let's all pray for Jeff.
Dick's out for Jeff.
Jeff's out for Jeff.
Let's find this path.
Man, remember Harambe?
Good times.
Oh, man.
Simpler times.
Why are we trolling involved caring about a gorilla?
Instead of a president?
Yeah, good times.
Sorry, Jeff.
I know how much you've been needing this.
Sorry, I'm sorry.
Last time on Harmon.
One more thing.
Yeah.
You see, there's happy time murders, movie.
I'm aware of it.
Apparently, it didn't do well this last weekend.
It did not, yeah.
Apparently, people weren't ready for the happy time murders.
OK, go.
OK.
There's edges, and then there's cutting edges.
And society is not ready for the cutting edges.
They cut too many edges.
All right, what are you telling me?
A muppet is doing something.
What the heck?
Wait a minute.
Hold on a second.
I got a rule for muppets in my life,
and it ain't got nothing to do with this other business.
Puppets are supposed to teach me how to spell, not murder.
Next thing you're telling me, Bugs Bunny's
got a cup in his hand.
What are you telling me?
Get the fuck out of here with this shit.
Get the fuck out of there with him.
You can pry my 70-year-old IP from my cold, dead fingers.
I'm not doing this.
I'm not watching no murders.
Happy, sad, angry murders.
Falling people that go like this are limited to my childhood.
Crank yankers every commercial since 1970.
And a fourth season of Community.
Let's go.
Goddamn it!
Last time.
You're in good company, happy time.
Go for it, please.
It was under my protest.
It was written on a whiteboard.
Keep going.
Do not do it.
You're killing your own show.
Come on, let's go.
It said that the billboards say no sesame, all street.
It doesn't make any sense.
It doesn't realize that.
They got it.
That's the actual billboard that I drove by.
Somebody needed something.
I would say give me a little more sesame
on a little less street.
You've got to find that Sesame Street sweet spot.
Sesame Street was already heavily street.
Yeah.
That was actually the fucking point of the show.
That was the point, yeah.
That was truly the point of the show.
It was like saying, I was like, look at these kids.
I mean, Mr. Hooper died.
Let's go.
Last time on Harmontown.
One more thing.
Yeah.
It's obviously a joke.
It's a good joke.
Lower the flag.
It's a funny joke.
It's been working a lot.
Will you please lower the flag?
He deserves to be honored.
You haven't said anything about Senator McCain.
You've said nothing.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I think that, um.
Can we honor the senator from, since 1986,
he was the governor of Arizona, Jesus Christ.
I'm just mad at people telling other people what to do.
It's just like, everybody shut the fuck up.
Well, just tell us he's a hero.
Or don't.
Just shut the fuck up.
Just everybody shut the fuck up.
Just shut up.
Just shut the fuck up.
But you haven't done it.
You haven't told us he's a hero yet.
I don't care.
I'm just going to shut the fuck up.
Because it doesn't matter.
That's what I want.
I don't want to hear about John McCain.
I don't not want to hear about John McCain.
I want everybody to shut the fuck up.
Quit trying to pull shit.
It doesn't fucking matter.
Yeah.
Now I'm going to bring him back.
And that's also, that sounds like it's about D&D.
It truly is about John McCain's death.
Just shut the fuck up.
I don't care.
Yeah.
It's my favorite.
It's become my favorite episode of the show ever.
This is a good episode.
Yeah.
I never thought.
I didn't like where I came out here.
We had Nova.
Now we've gone Supernova.
Supernova.
Nova was the gateway to a satisfying episode.
Hell, man.
We broke free.
OK.
We have 30 seconds for D&D.
Here we go.
It's good.
It's going to be great.
Last time on Harmontown, our heroes,
they were at a new town.
What was it?
The town of Doronester.
They were searching for Patchen's gem.
They found Patchen's gem.
But they lost Patchen's and set the town on fire.
They left the town.
And they were looking for Patchen's
when they got a crow from their friend brother
Absalon from the church.
He was like, you're being reassigned.
We need your help over this way at this other place
where they're having a log jam at the stone mines.
And so you were heading over there
in the hope that Patchen's would
be in that general direction.
Then you ran into a cult, a cult of exercise people.
You exercised with them and then left.
Then you came across another cult.
This new cult was more culty and less fun than the last cult.
They were summoning something, a demon.
For some strange reason, and I thought of this over and over,
for some very strange and out of character reason,
two of the characters who I can't even
remember their identities, they helped the cult summon
a demon, which is the antithesis of their jobs.
We left them in the middle of the ritual,
a gateway opening in the floor, giant pentagrams
scrawled into the earth.
And through that game way, a giant, giant fucking demon
arm was shooting forth into the material plane.
All right.
Yeah.
So gate has opened up and a huge, this seems like it's maybe
a 30-foot tall demon's arm is bursting out of the ground.
Well, not out of the ground, out of the hole in the ground
that was formed by magic, a portal.
And his hand is raising way up.
Yeah, he's like crawling.
He's reaching around trying to pull himself out of this portal
right now.
Could this be our savior?
You guys are religious.
Your job is to smite evil.
It's a big part of this whole thing.
I mean, you can turn against that,
but just let me know so I can know what to do.
We're doing our jobs.
We want this thing to come through so we could smite it.
Yeah, let's fucking go.
Let's smite this demon.
Let's start smiting.
He just asked if it was evil.
Now you want to smite it.
Yeah, I'm just keeping my eye on you.
We're trying to have a good time.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, I got a high road here.
I shoot a fire bolt at the demon arm.
All right, I got to get my dice.
Oh, you didn't have your fucking dice out.
You're all that fucking bluster.
Got to get his dice out.
Well, while you're doing the dice, go ahead.
You're doing it already.
All right, it's a mutant of fire being a demon,
but you do hit it.
OK, well, that's something.
Yeah, it's knowledge.
Well, one box check.
Do I get live and learn XP on that one?
Oh, yeah, you get three experience.
It's good.
God damn it.
You guys take it.
Dan, you're seeing Steven Schrobb, right?
They were in the ritual.
You guys?
Yeah.
You see Steven Schrobb.
They're holding magical ritual ingredients,
and they're summoning a demon.
And you're like, what?
I look away for two seconds, that kind of thing, you know?
That's where you're at right now.
Yeah.
What's the environment that we're in right now?
It's rolling hills.
This part's a flat expanse.
Also, there's no trees or anything.
Not near by, just grass.
If Schrobb and I stop our little ritual,
does the gateway close?
You don't know.
There's been this ongoing thing where I'm out of everything.
That was a mistake.
I told you that.
I was wrong.
You have your spells back because it's been multiple days.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, sorry.
My bad.
All right.
Oh, I'm back, baby.
Wait, before you expend anything,
Schrobb, shouldn't we just try to close this portal?
Yeah, let's say everything backwards.
Yeah.
Uh, OK.
And we're bowing up while we're doing this.
And we're really committing to it.
Right.
Did you?
You're taking note of that?
We're really committing to it.
And like?
The biggest arms.
And we're really nailing the backwards talking, right?
I think the cultists are impressed.
Yeah.
Well, oh, yeah.
Well, that's important.
Right.
Fucking idiot.
Oh, name calling.
Oh, yeah.
No, let's get through this life and make sure we meet one goal.
Impress the cultists.
Yeah, that's a chaotic world.
Oh, the mountain can talk.
There's a double deer.
That chest has a fucking ghost in it.
But let's keep things focused.
Impress the cultists.
You fucking idiots.
You have one religion, but not you.
You know what?
You're a shambling mound.
I expect more from you.
Thank you for acknowledging my race.
That's fine.
It's just fucking disappointing.
And I'm not saying this stuff because it would take a turn.
OK.
I indicate that with a look.
Right, yeah, of course.
And also, I also want to add that it's mostly directed
toward me, because I don't, I don't, I'm so floating.
Like, I don't fucking like, I'm not a commander.
I don't know how to handle this shit.
This is shit that you're doing to me,
because I don't know how to fucking clean it up, OK?
Because I'm not a fucking leader.
So when you do this shit, you do it to me.
Because I'm not your fucking dad.
I'm just a dude trying to not die.
So you fuck me.
You know what?
When you do this shit.
Fuck it.
I'm done.
I stop bowing backwards and saying stop.
I, I,
Shut up.
Throw down my shit.
Knock it off.
And I start walking home.
No, you don't.
No, no, shut up.
Fine.
No, no, no, no.
You don't like how I do it?
I'm going back and forth.
Knock it off.
Trying to kill somebody in my living room.
You wish.
Hide up, build up.
I'm trying to deliver tea.
I never asked for this.
My dog's got to be let out.
I'm going.
All right.
First of all, you guy.
I'll deal with you.
I don't need to be talked to like this.
Steve, keep him away from me.
DJ.
I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to channel.
Apology.
I want to get managed that.
You're rested.
I want to channel.
Smite.
Mm-hmm.
Which?
The right one.
That's an attack that you use on a target.
I want to smite the, the arm.
Oh yeah, they think it's, yeah.
All right.
There's a 30 foot demon arm coming out of here.
Yeah, and I'm smiting it.
And it's super easy to hit.
Ah, arm.
Anti-arm.
All right, you smite it for 11 good damage.
It slices open.
Anyways.
Schrab is walking away, right?
I'm walking away.
I'm, I'm just a silhouette.
All right, there he goes.
There he goes, everybody.
The hero.
You know.
I'm calling you a hero.
Yeah, I'm saying you're a hero.
I'm being sarcastic.
As Schrab walks away, instantly the portal that was being
open starts destabilizing.
You see its edges start to waver,
and they get bigger and smaller and stuff.
And now, now like a shoulder and a head of the demons
like, like coming through.
But now it like kind of cinches tight around him.
So he's like kind of more stuck than he was,
but now he's more out than he was.
And he starts lashing out about.
Let's see what happens.
Nothing.
Well, let me, let me, let me try again.
I don't know what you're talking about because you're gone.
By the way, everything that happens is your fault
because you left.
Yeah, everything that happens.
Can't hear you.
I can only hear the people that work hard to make this happen.
The cultist gesture at Steve as if to try and make you
reposition yourself in the circle.
Well, look, we hear you.
I'm sorry.
Me?
And I promise this is for change.
I take my elvish blade, and I go right for the,
the, the, the wounds that Dan created.
OK, you miss as you step out of the circle.
The, the thing D, D, what do you call it?
It deregulates.
I don't know.
It fucks up more and it, it, it's cinches tight.
And now it looks like it's kind of strangling the demon,
but not like lethally, just like he's like, ah, this is an asshole.
So Carlos, now this is the time to get him.
I'm going to, can I cast bull strength on Carlos
and give him, yeah, definitely.
You'll get plus four strength for one minute.
If I, if I cast bull strength on you,
I'm going to let you fucking take this.
But what am I, I don't, you're going to kill the demon.
I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to give you plus four
strengths.
OK.
You want to do that?
Can't hear you.
Don't hear anybody.
Is there a mosquito around?
Ooh.
I just, OK.
OK, I cast bull strength on Carlos.
That happens.
You get all strong and such.
All right, well then, physically I'm strong.
Oh yeah, four more.
Well then I, I'm going to use my.
You got a plus four, go kick some butt.
We got a strangled demon.
Yeah, and there's four more cultists.
OK, well then I'm physically using my, my morning star.
All right.
It's not impressive.
It is when you clock, what do you attack?
What do you mean, time, times two critical?
What are you attacking?
The thing, the arm, shoulder.
You clock him right in the shoulder.
It deals another 12 damage.
Yeah.
It's, it's not, it's hurting him,
but it's like, he's a giant, giant.
OK, thank you for the, making me better than I am.
That's not really what I do.
Is the portal still closing?
It's like cinched tight around him, the demon's stuck.
It's like he can't get all the way out
because the ritual has been disrupted.
Oh.
Mm, mm, mm, ah.
Who's the worst?
Hey Chris, you want to roll the clip?
Chris is our clip.
So you beat the last mission,
so here's your mission complete screen.
It's crazy.
Swoop.
Brrr.
All right.
We get a D plus clip hanger.
Thank you for coming, everybody.
Swoop.
Brrr.
I love this.
Swoop.
Brrr.
That's amazing.
Go to Harmontown and become a subscriber to see that awesome clip.
Let's give it up for Steve Levy.
Swoop.
Brrr.
Nova, she burned a thousand times brighter and then returned to her original intensity.
Rob Schrab, Spencer Crittenden, I'm your Humble Cromptroller, Jeff Davis, your mayor is Harmon.
We love you all, drive fast and take chances, won't you?
D plus.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show!